---
title: "0.3.0"
category: New Release
---
- Merge pull request #76 from eclake/full_step_wise_resampling_new  Full step wise resampling new
- commented out test in CMakeFiles.txt
- templates_data now stored in type_templates_stellar
- removed unused use declaration
- removing extraneous print statements
- Cumulative chemical abundance now matches before and after resampling
- almost working  cumulative mass not matching!
- trying step wise rebinning of chem_abund
- Distinction between time_steps for SF_ChE from simulated data, and time_steps associated with the SSP templates as well as fixes to Simulated SF_ChE resampling  Introduced new mass_to_sfr and sfr_to_mass functions, changing names of original functions to mass_to_sfr_template_grid and sfr_to_mass_template_grid.  When time_steps on SSP grid, dm accounts for mass of stars at age to be contributing to the SED. When not on the SSP grid, as for simulated data, dm(i) is the mass formed between time_step(i+1) and time_step(i).  New function mass_weighted_cum_chem_to_bin_chem converts mass-weighted total chemical_abundance to chemical abundance of stars formed at time_step, to convert simulation input total chemical abundances at each step to that required by galaxy_SED.  Fixes to resampling the simulated SF_ChE to make sure that on time_step grid of SSPs, dm and chem_abund refer mass of stars and chem_abund of stars of that age that should be contributing to the SED.  Also associated changes to test file to test these changes.  As of this commit, chem_abund resampling is still inaccurate, with cumulative input chem_abund not being reproduced accurately after the resampling.
- Normalize spectra before computation of Gaussian likelihood
